It actually worked.
You can remember it working, yeah.
But that's all.
Yes.
I mean, and like I say, it was the son from the mill
was in school with me then.
Right, we're talking now about the mill.
It's sort of opposite the castle, isn't it?
Yeah, that's right.
It was a Sunday, and he comes to Rader still.
Right.
Because I meet him, Miller, we call him.
Yes.
He was John Price.
His name was John Price, but Miller, we called him,
because he was at the mill.
But I think they must have moved from there
at the end of the war or something like that.
They moved out of town afterwards, I think.
And then the next lot of people, because the people who
lived there afterwards, he was in the army in Germany
after the war.
And his girlfriend in Germany married him,
and they lived in the mill.
Then there was a fresh load of kids there.
That was the Jones family, was it?
Yeah, that's right.
Yes, I know I was in school with the Jones family.
Yes, that's right.
That's right.
They were the last there, I should imagine.
Probably.
So it probably stopped working sometime in the war,
you think.
Yeah, I would say they most likely stopped then going.
And I remember Eric Davis, who was a lorry driver
and on the way bridge at the quarry.
And he said, well, I used to drive a lorry down to it.
But I mean, in those days, a lorry was like a pickup is today.
It would have been a big lorry, because I remember saying,
well, that's the trouble.
You can't get a vehicle down there.
And he said, we used to drive the lorry down and turn it
around and drive it back up.
Turn it around, I mean.
Yeah.
Must have been enough room to turn it.
Mind, there was a barn halfway up the hill, wasn't it?
It was open.
Yes.
You can remember that, I do.
Yes, I think I do.
I send you it in your home.
I'm not too worried.
I'll switch that off there.